Improve documentation (#71)
miracl/oidc-samples: samples/go/README.md

# MIRACL Trust Go OIDC Integration Sample

![go](https://github.com/miracl/oidc-samples/workflows/go/badge.svg)

This is an example of an [OIDC integration](https://miracl.com/resources/docs/guides/authentication/oidc/)
with the [MIRACL Trust platform](https://miracl.com) using Golang.

# Dependencies

This sample uses [go-oidc](https://github.com/coreos/go-oidc) library

> to integrate with the MIRACL Trust platform.

Reviewer: The OIDC client library is the most important information here. I don't think we should hide it under "Dependencies".

# Setup

The sample can be run directly with Go or with a Docker container. If you choose

> the latter, follow the instructions [here](../../README.md).

Reviewer: If I understand the difference between "Setup" and "Usage", this section should be in the following. 

P.S. I still think "Run with docker" should be a separate section at the end.

You must pass the app's credentials to the sample through environment

> variables as follows:

Reviewer: Isn't that obsolete?

[MIRACL Trust Portal](https://trust.miracl.com) as described [here](https://miracl.com/resources/docs/get-started/low-code/).
The `Redirect URL` must be the same as the one the sample is run with. If you use the
sample's default value, it must be set to `http://localhost:8000/login`.
You must pass the app's credentials to the sample through environment
variables as follows:

# Usage

To run the sample, do the following:

```bash
cd samples/go

> go run . -client-id <client-id> -client-secret <client-secret>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
go run . \
    -client-id <client-id> \
    -client-secret <client-secret>
```

```

> This runs a sample HTTP server and when you open http://localhost:8000/,
> it navigates you to the MIRACL Trust authorization page to start the
> registration and authentication. On successful authentication, the OIDC user
> info is presented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This starts the sample HTTP server. When you access http://localhost:8000/, you
will be directed to the MIRACL Trust authorization page to begin the
registration and authentication process. After successful authentication, the
sample retrieves the OIDC UserInfo endpoint and returns the result.
```
